Overhaul streaming documentation (#10709)
netdata/netdata: docs/store/stream-metrics.md

you to replicate metrics data across multiple nodes, or centralize all your metrics data into a single time-series
database (TSDB).

The node that receives metrics (a **parent**) can visualize metrics from the sending nodes (a **child**), run health
checks to [trigger alarms](/docs/monitor/view-active-alarms.md) and [send
notifications](/docs/monitor/enable-notifications), and [export](/docs/export/external-databases.md) all metrics to an
external TSDB.

Streaming lets you decide exactly how you want to store and maintain metrics data. While we believe Netdata's
[distributed architecture](/docs/store/distributed-data-architecture.md) is ideal for speed and scale, streaming
provides centralization options for those who want to maintain only a single TSDB instance.

## Streaming quickstart (`parent-child`)

The simplest streaming configuration is **replication**, in which a child node streams its metrics in real time to a
parent node, and both nodes retain metrics in their own databases.

See the [streaming reference doc](/streaming/README.md#supported-streaming-configurations) for details about other
possible configurations.

### Enable streaming on the parent node

> First, log onto the node that will act as the parent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, log onto the machine which runs the node that will act as the parent.
```

Run `uuidgen` to create a new API key, which is a randomly-generated machine GUID the Netdata Agent uses to identify

> itself while initiating a streaming connection. Copy that into a separate text file for later use.

Reviewer: I remember that the program does not exist by default on machines. Perhaps we can add something:
> In case you don't have it installed, you will need to install it. For example, on a Linux system that uses the `apt` package manager, you would run `apt-get install uuid-runtime`

Next, open `stream.conf` using [`edit-config`](/docs/configure/nodes.md#use-edit-config-to-edit-configuration-files)
from within the [Netdata config directory](/docs/configure/nodes.md#the-netdata-config-directory).

```bash
cd /etc/netdata
sudo ./edit-config stream.conf
```

Scroll down to the section beginning with `[API_KEY]`. Paste the API key you generated earlier between the brackets, so
that it looks like the following:

```conf
[11111111-2222-3333-4444-555555555555]
```

Set `enabled` to `yes`, and `default memory mode` to `dbengine`. Leave all the other settings as their defaults. A
simplified version of the configuration, minus the commented lines, looks like the following:

```conf
[11111111-2222-3333-4444-555555555555]
    enabled = yes
    default memory mode = dbengine
```

Save the file and close it, then restart Netdata with `sudo systemctl restart netdata`, or the [appropriate
method](/docs/configure/start-stop-restart.md) for your system.

### Enable streaming on the child node

> Log into the node that will act as the child.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log onto the machine which runs the node that will act as the parent.
```
